{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red10\green77\blue204;\red218\green221\blue226;
\red21\green23\blue26;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320

\b\fs48 \cf2 Homework #1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\fs36 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320
\cf2 Instructions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb1 {\listtext	1.	}Feynman Writing Prompts - Write out explanations of the following concepts like you are explaining it to a 12 year old. Doing this will help you quickly discover any holes in your understanding. Ask your questions on Slack.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Variables\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}a value that can change depending on what you want to tell the computer to do. Used to let the computer know you\'92d like to perform an action.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Strings\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}simply a line of numbers, symbols and punctuation used to define a function.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Functions (arguments, 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 return
\f0\fs32 \cb1 )\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}a function performs an action and produces a result.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1
\f2\fs28 \cf2 \cb5 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}if
\f0\fs32 \cb1  statements\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}ask a function to determine if a statement is true or false.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}Boolean values (
\f2\fs28 \cb5 true
\f0\fs32 \cb1 , 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 false
\f0\fs32 \cb1 )\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}a variable that can either be true or false.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	2.	}Install Node and NPM. NPM comes packaged with Node. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nodejs.org/en/download/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://nodejs.org/en/download/}}\
{\listtext	3.	}Install SublimeText3. If you have another editor that you prefer then you can use that. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sublimetext.com/3"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://www.sublimetext.com/3}}\
{\listtext	4.	}Download this project folder from GitHub.\
{\listtext	5.	}Navigate into the downloaded folder using Terminal(Mac) or Command Prompt(Windows). 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 ls
\f0\fs32 \cb1 (Mac), 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 dir
\f0\fs32 \cb1 (Windows) and 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 cd <directory_name>
\f0\fs32 \cb1  are the commands you need to navigate around.\
{\listtext	6.	}Once you are in the folder type the command 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 npm install
\f0\fs32 \cb1 . This will fetch all of the needed requirements for the project.\
{\listtext	7.	}Run 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 npm test
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to run the automated tests. At first all of the tests will be broken. You will fill out the functions in 
\f2\fs28 \cb5 exercises.js
\f0\fs32 \cb1  to make the tests pass.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\b \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa320
\cf2 Congratulations on finishing Homework #1!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\b0 \cf2 Apply to our full-time or part-time immersive program to learn cutting edge technologies that are used by top technology companies around the world.\
Our part-time and full-time courses are 13 intense weeks of focused study on the most relevant technologies.\
Class sizes are small to ensure that each student gets individual attention from our world class instructors to help them succeed. We also provide career support both during and after the course to help you succeed. We are committed to your success.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 For more information visit: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.lambdaschool.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://www.lambdaschool.com}}\
}